#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
accelerate==1.10.1
    # via
    #   docling
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   unstructured-inference
aiofiles==25.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   fsspec
    #   llama-index-core
    #   oxylabs
    #   spider-client
    #   vllm
aiokafka==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiolimiter==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.21.0
    # via llama-index-core
albucore==0.0.24
    # via albumentations
albumentations==2.0.8
    # via doclayout-yolo
alembic==1.16.5
    # via dagster
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   minio
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asgiref==3.10.0
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
astor==0.8.1
    # via depyf
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiokafka
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   openlineage-python
    #   outcome
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
    #   trio
    #   zeep
av==15.1.0
    # via qwen-vl-utils
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   schemathesis
    #   unstructured
backrefs==5.9
    # via mkdocs-material
banks==2.2.0
    # via llama-index-core
bcrypt==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via
    #   docling
    #   feedfinder2
    #   markdownify
    #   nbconvert
    #   unstructured
biopython==1.85
    # via -r requirements.in
bitarray==3.7.2
    # via colbert-ai
black==25.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blake3==1.0.7
    # via vllm
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
blis==1.3.0
    # via thinc
boilerpy3==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.40.49
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.40.49
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
botocore-stubs==1.40.33
    # via types-boto3
brotli==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
build==1.3.0
    # via openlineage-python
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   vllm
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
cattrs==25.3.0
    # via requests-cache
cbor2==5.7.0
    # via vllm
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   docling
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   minio
    #   opensearch-py
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   soundfile
    #   ukkonen
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   reportlab
    #   requests
    #   unstructured
chromedriver-autoinstaller==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   dagster
    #   flask
    #   magika
    #   mkdocs
    #   nltk
    #   pdftext
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   ray
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   schemathesis
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudevents==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cloudpathlib==0.23.0
    # via weasel
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via vllm
colbert-ai==0.2.22
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   schemathesis
coloredlogs==14.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   onnxruntime
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via
    #   rapid-table
    #   robust-downloader
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
compressed-tensors==0.11.0
    # via vllm
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
conllu==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.2
    # via
    #   msoffcrypto-tool
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   types-pyopenssl
    #   types-redis
    #   unstructured-client
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cupy-cuda12x==13.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ray
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cython==3.1.4
    # via pyserini
dagster==1.11.14
    # via dagster-postgres
dagster-pipes==1.11.14
    # via dagster
dagster-postgres==0.27.14
    # via -r requirements.in
dagster-shared==1.11.14
    # via dagster
dash==3.2.0
    # via dash-bootstrap-components
dash-bootstrap-components==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured
datasets==4.2.0
    # via colbert-ai
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   banks
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-instrumentation
    #   pikepdf
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via cloudevents
depyf==0.19.0
    # via vllm
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   depyf
    #   multiprocess
dirtyjson==1.0.8
    # via llama-index-core
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via vllm
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via email-validator
doclayout-yolo==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
docling==2.55.1
    # via -r requirements.in
docling-core[chunking]==2.48.4
    # via
    #   docling
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   docling-parse
docling-ibm-models==3.9.1
    # via docling
docling-parse==4.5.0
    # via docling
docopt==0.6.2
    # via num2words
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via dagster
duckdb==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
easyocr==1.7.2
    # via docling
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
effdet==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
einops==0.8.1
    # via vllm
email-validator==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
emoji==2.15.0
    # via unstructured
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
events==0.5
    # via opensearch-py
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
faiss-cpu==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==37.11.0
    # via polyfactory
fast-pytorch-kmeans==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi[standard]==0.118.3
    # via
    #   pyserini
    #   vllm
fastapi-cli[standard]==0.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
fastapi-cloud-cli==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
fastrlock==0.8.3
    # via cupy-cuda12x
fasttext-predict==0.9.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
feedfinder2==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
feedparser==6.0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.20.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   modelscope
    #   ray
    #   tldextract
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
    #   vllm
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   docling
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured
firecrawl-py==4.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.1.2
    # via
    #   colbert-ai
    #   dash
    #   pyserini
flatbuffers==25.9.23
    # via onnxruntime
flexcache==0.3
    # via pint
flexparser==0.4
    # via pint
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via compressed-tensors
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   torch
    #   universal-pathlib
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gguf==0.17.1
    # via vllm
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via colbert-ai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.26.0
    # via google-cloud-vision
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-cloud-vision==3.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via
    #   hypothesis-graphql
    #   strawberry-graphql
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
griffe==1.14.0
    # via
    #   banks
    #   mkdocstrings-python
grpc-stubs==1.53.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-stubs
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-health-checking==1.75.1
    # via dagster
grpcio-status==1.75.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
grpcio-tools==1.75.1
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
h2==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
harfile==0.4.0
    # via schemathesis
hdbscan==0.8.40
    # via -r requirements.in
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
hiredis==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
html2text==2025.4.15
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
html5rdf==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rdflib
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   unstructured-client
httptools==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   jupyterlab
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index-core
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   openlineage-python
    #   qdrant-client
    #   respx
    #   schemathesis
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.2
    # via mcp
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   docling
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hvac==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
hypothesis==6.140.3
    # via
    #   hypothesis-graphql
    #   hypothesis-jsonschema
    #   schemathesis
hypothesis-graphql==0.11.1
    # via schemathesis
hypothesis-jsonschema==0.23.1
    # via schemathesis
identify==2.6.15
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   trio
    #   url-normalize
    #   yarl
ijson==3.4.0.post0
    # via spider-client
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   opentelemetry-api
inflect==7.5.0
    # via quantulum3
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
interegular==0.3.3
    # via lm-format-enforcer
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isodate==0.7.2
    # via zeep
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jieba3k==0.35.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   banks
    #   dagster
    #   fastapi
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
    #   spacy
    #   torch
jiter==0.11.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json-repair==0.52.0
    # via -r requirements.in
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonlines==3.1.0
    # via docling-ibm-models
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via docling-core
jsonschema[format,format-nongpl]==4.25.1
    # via
    #   docling-core
    #   hypothesis-jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mcp
    #   mistral-common
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
    #   schemathesis
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
junit-xml==1.9
    # via schemathesis
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.3.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.9
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kafka-python==2.2.15
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.79
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.4.34
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lark==1.2.2
    # via
    #   rfc3987-syntax
    #   vllm
latex2mathml==3.78.1
    # via docling-core
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lia-web==0.2.3
    # via strawberry-graphql
llama-index-core==0.12.42
    # via -r requirements.in
llama-index-instrumentation==0.4.1
    # via llama-index-workflows
llama-index-workflows==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
llguidance==0.7.30
    # via vllm
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
lm-format-enforcer==0.11.3
    # via vllm
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   docling
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
    #   zeep
lxml-html-clean==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
magika==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
marisa-trie==1.3.1
    # via language-data
markdown==3.9
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markdownify==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
marko==2.2.0
    # via docling
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.7
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   seaborn
    #   ultralytics
    #   unstructured-inference
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mcp==1.17.0
    # via pyserini
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
minio==7.2.18
    # via -r requirements.in
mistral-common[audio,image,opencv,soundfile,soxr]==1.8.5
    # via
    #   mistral-common
    #   vllm
mistune==3.1.4
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.4.3
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.6.21
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings==0.30.1
    # via mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.18.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ml-dtypes==0.5.3
    # via onnx
modelscope==1.30.0
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via inflect
mpire[dill]==2.10.2
    # via semchunk
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.2
    # via ray
msgspec==0.19.0
    # via vllm
msoffcrypto-tool==5.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   mpire
murmurhash==1.0.13
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy==1.18.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
narwhals==2.7.0
    # via plotly
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
neo4j==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   ipykernel
    #   llama-index-core
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
ninja==1.13.0
    # via
    #   colbert-ai
    #   easyocr
    #   vllm
    #   xgrammar
nltk==3.9.2
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured
nmslib-metabrainz==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.4.7
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
num2words==0.5.14
    # via quantulum3
numba==0.61.2
    # via vllm
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
    #   biopython
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   cupy-cuda12x
    #   datasets
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   fast-pytorch-kmeans
    #   geopandas
    #   gguf
    #   hdbscan
    #   imageio
    #   llama-index-core
    #   magika
    #   matplotlib
    #   mistral-common
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   nmslib-metabrainz
    #   numba
    #   numpy-financial
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyserini
    #   qdrant-client
    #   rank-bm25
    #   rapid-table
    #   safetensors
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   soundfile
    #   soxr
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   ultralytics
    #   ultralytics-thop
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
    #   vllm
    #   voyager
    #   xformers
    #   xgboost
    #   xgrammar
numpy-financial==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via
    #   torch
    #   xgboost
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
olefile==0.47
    # via
    #   msoffcrypto-tool
    #   python-oxmsg
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   rapid-table
onnx==1.19.1
    # via unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.23.1
    # via
    #   magika
    #   pyserini
    #   rapid-table
    #   unstructured-inference
openai==2.3.0
    # via
    #   pyserini
    #   vllm
openai-harmony==0.0.4
    # via vllm
opencv-python==4.12.0.88
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   rapid-table
    #   ultralytics
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python-headless==4.12.0.88
    # via
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
    #   mistral-common
    #   vllm
openlineage-python==1.39.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via docling
opensearch-py==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-api==1.37.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.58b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi==0.58b0
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi==0.58b0
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc==0.58b0
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx==0.58b0
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-sdk==1.37.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.58b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-util-http==0.58b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
outlines-core==0.2.11
    # via vllm
owlrl==7.1.4
    # via pyshacl
oxylabs==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   aiokafka
    #   black
    #   build
    #   chromedriver-autoinstaller
    #   dagster-shared
    #   datasets
    #   deprecation
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   geopandas
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lm-format-enforcer
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   onnxruntime
    #   openlineage-python
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   pandera
    #   pikepdf
    #   plotly
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyshacl
    #   pytest
    #   qwen-vl-utils
    #   ray
    #   scikit-image
    #   spacy
    #   strawberry-graphql
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
    #   weasel
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   docling
    #   docling-core
    #   geopandas
    #   pyserini
    #   seaborn
    #   unstructured-inference
pandera==0.26.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
partial-json-parser==0.2.1.1.post6
    # via vllm
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pathlib-abc==0.5.1
    # via universal-pathlib
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   mypy
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via
    #   pdfplumber
    #   unstructured-inference
pdfplumber==0.11.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pdftext==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pi-heif==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pikepdf==9.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   docling
    #   docling-core
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   docling-parse
    #   easyocr
    #   imageio
    #   llama-index-core
    #   matplotlib
    #   mistral-common
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pi-heif
    #   pikepdf
    #   pyserini
    #   python-pptx
    #   qwen-vl-utils
    #   rapid-table
    #   reportlab
    #   scikit-image
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
    #   vllm
pint==0.25
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via
    #   banks
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pint
    #   requests-cache
    #   virtualenv
    #   zeep
playwright==1.55.0
    # via -r requirements.in
plotly==6.3.1
    # via dash
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   docling
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
polars==1.34.0
    # via ultralytics
polars-runtime-32==1.34.0
    # via polars
polyfactory==2.22.2
    # via docling
portalocker==3.2.0
    # via qdrant-client
pre-commit==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
preshed==3.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via pyshacl
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator
    #   vllm
prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator==7.1.0
    # via vllm
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
prompthub-py==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
    #   qdrant-client
    #   ray
    #   vllm
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   ipykernel
    #   nmslib-metabrainz
    #   ultralytics
    #   unstructured
    #   vllm
psycopg2-binary==2.9.11
    # via dagster-postgres
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   vllm
pyalex==0.18
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pybase64==1.4.2
    # via vllm
pybind11==3.0.1
    # via nmslib-metabrainz
pybreaker==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via easyocr
pycocotools==2.0.10
    # via effdet
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-extra-types
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via minio
pydantic[email]==2.12.0
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   banks
    #   compressed-tensors
    #   confection
    #   dagster-shared
    #   docling
    #   docling-core
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   docling-parse
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-instrumentation
    #   llama-index-workflows
    #   lm-format-enforcer
    #   mcp
    #   mistral-common
    #   openai
    #   openai-harmony
    #   pandera
    #   pdftext
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   unstructured-client
    #   vllm
    #   weasel
    #   xgrammar
pydantic-core==2.41.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-extra-types[pycountry]==2.10.6
    # via mistral-common
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via
    #   docling
    #   mcp
    #   pdftext
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mpire
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyjnius==1.7.0
    # via pyserini
pylatexenc==2.10
    # via docling
pymdown-extensions==10.16.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyogrio==0.11.1
    # via geopandas
pypandoc==1.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rdflib
pypdf==6.1.1
    # via unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.30.0
    # via
    #   docling
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pdftext
    #   unstructured-inference
pyproj==3.7.2
    # via geopandas
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via build
pyrate-limiter==3.9.0
    # via schemathesis
pysbd==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyserini==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyshacl==0.30.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   urllib3
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   schemathesis
pytest-asyncio==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-subtests==0.14.2
    # via schemathesis
pytest-timeout==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-bidi==0.6.6
    # via easyocr
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   openlineage-python
    #   opensearch-py
    #   pandas
    #   strawberry-graphql
python-docx==1.2.0
    # via docling
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   colbert-ai
    #   dagster
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   magika
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-jose==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==4.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   vllm
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   unstructured-inference
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via docling
pytokens==0.1.10
    # via black
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   neo4j
    #   pandas
    #   zeep
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   albumentations
    #   dagster-shared
    #   datasets
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   docling-core
    #   easyocr
    #   gguf
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-index-core
    #   lm-format-enforcer
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   omegaconf
    #   openlineage-python
    #   pre-commit
    #   prompthub-py
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyserini
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   ray
    #   schemathesis
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   ultralytics
    #   uvicorn
    #   vllm
pyyaml-env-tag==1.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   vllm
qdrant-client==1.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
quantulum3==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
qwen-vl-utils==0.0.14
    # via -r requirements.in
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rapid-table==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rapidfuzz==3.14.1
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
ray[cgraph]==2.49.2
    # via vllm
rdflib[html]==7.2.1
    # via
    #   owlrl
    #   pyshacl
redis==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
    #   types-jsonschema
regex==2025.9.18
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   syntok
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   vllm
reportlab==4.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dash
    #   datasets
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   docling
    #   feedfinder2
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hvac
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index-core
    #   mistral-common
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   modelscope
    #   openlineage-python
    #   opensearch-py
    #   oxylabs
    #   prompthub-py
    #   pyalex
    #   pyserini
    #   qwen-vl-utils
    #   rapid-table
    #   ray
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   robust-downloader
    #   schemathesis
    #   spacy
    #   spider-client
    #   starlette-testclient
    #   tiktoken
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
    #   ultralytics
    #   unstructured
    #   vllm
    #   weasel
    #   zeep
requests-cache==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via
    #   tldextract
    #   zeep
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
    #   zeep
respx==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
retrying==1.4.2
    # via dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
rich==14.2.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   schemathesis
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.15.1
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
rignore==0.7.0
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
robust-downloader==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
rtree==1.4.1
    # via
    #   docling
    #   docling-ibm-models
ruff==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via boto3
safetensors[numpy,torch]==0.6.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   timm
    #   transformers
schemathesis==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via easyocr
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   pyserini
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   colbert-ai
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   docling
    #   easyocr
    #   hdbscan
    #   pyserini
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   ultralytics
    #   unstructured-inference
    #   vllm
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via doclayout-yolo
selenium==4.36.0
    # via -r requirements.in
semchunk==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docling-core
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sentence-transformers==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pyserini
    #   vllm
sentry-sdk==2.41.0
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
setproctitle==1.3.7
    # via vllm
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
shapely==2.1.2
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   geopandas
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simsimd==6.5.3
    # via albucore
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   ecdsa
    #   feedfinder2
    #   html5lib
    #   junit-xml
    #   langdetect
    #   markdownify
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   vllm
smart-open==7.3.1
    # via weasel
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   trio
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via pydocstyle
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   trio
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mistral-common
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
soxr==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mistral-common
spacy==3.8.7
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
spider-client==0.1.77
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.44
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   dagster
    #   langchain
    #   llama-index-core
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
sseclient-py==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.48.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator
    #   starlette-testclient
starlette-testclient==0.4.1
    # via schemathesis
strawberry-graphql==0.283.2
    # via -r requirements.in
stringzilla==4.2.0
    # via albucore
striprtf==0.0.29
    # via -r requirements.in
structlog==25.4.0
    # via dagster
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
syntok==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   docling-core
    #   docling-parse
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-index-core
    #   spider-client
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
thinc==8.3.6
    # via spacy
thop==0.1.1.post2209072238
    # via doclayout-yolo
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
thrift==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tifffile==2025.10.4
    # via scikit-image
tiktoken==0.12.0
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   mistral-common
    #   pyserini
    #   vllm
timm==1.0.20
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   unstructured-inference
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
tldextract==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via
    #   transformers
    #   vllm
tomli==2.3.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   schemathesis
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via dagster-shared
toposort==1.10
    # via dagster
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   compressed-tensors
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
    #   effdet
    #   fast-pytorch-kmeans
    #   pyserini
    #   safetensors
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   thop
    #   timm
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
    #   ultralytics-thop
    #   unstructured-inference
    #   vllm
    #   xformers
    #   xgrammar
torchaudio==2.8.0
    # via vllm
torchvision==0.23.0
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
    #   effdet
    #   timm
    #   ultralytics
    #   vllm
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   colbert-ai
    #   dagster
    #   datasets
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   docling
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   gguf
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   modelscope
    #   mpire
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   pyserini
    #   robust-downloader
    #   semchunk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   vllm
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.57.0
    # via
    #   colbert-ai
    #   compressed-tensors
    #   docling-core
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   pyserini
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
    #   vllm
    #   xgrammar
trio==0.31.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
triton==3.4.0
    # via
    #   torch
    #   xgrammar
typeguard==4.4.4
    # via
    #   inflect
    #   pandera
typer==0.19.2
    # via
    #   docling
    #   docling-core
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
types-awscrt==0.27.6
    # via botocore-stubs
types-boto3==1.40.49
    # via -r requirements.in
types-cffi==1.17.0.20250915
    # via types-pyopenssl
types-jsonschema==4.25.1.20251009
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pyasn1==0.6.0.20250914
    # via types-python-jose
types-pyopenssl==24.1.0.20240722
    # via types-redis
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20251008
    # via arrow
types-python-jose==3.5.0.20250531
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250915
    # via -r requirements.in
types-redis==4.6.0.20241004
    # via -r requirements.in
types-s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via types-boto3
types-setuptools==80.9.0.20250822
    # via types-cffi
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiokafka
    #   aiosignal
    #   aiosqlite
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cattrs
    #   dagster-shared
    #   dash
    #   docling-core
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   flexcache
    #   flexparser
    #   grpcio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   lia-web
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llama-index-workflows
    #   minio
    #   mistral-common
    #   mypy
    #   onnx
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pandera
    #   pint
    #   polyfactory
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pyee
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   python-docx
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   referencing
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   schemathesis
    #   selenium
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   strawberry-graphql
    #   torch
    #   typeguard
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
    #   vllm
    #   xgrammar
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   llama-index-core
    #   pandera
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   faker
    #   pandas
ujson==5.11.0
    # via colbert-ai
ukkonen==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ultralytics==8.3.209
    # via -r requirements.in
ultralytics-thop==2.0.17
    # via ultralytics
universal-pathlib==0.3.3
    # via dagster
unstructured==0.18.15
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.42.3
    # via unstructured
unstructured-inference==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements.in
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
url-normalize==2.2.1
    # via requests-cache
urllib3[socks]==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   minio
    #   modelscope
    #   opensearch-py
    #   pyalex
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn[standard]==0.37.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   mcp
    #   pyserini
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
virtualenv==20.35.1
    # via pre-commit
vllm==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
voyager==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   mkdocs
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   vllm
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   selenium
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
    #   schemathesis
wheel==0.45.1
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   llama-index-core
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
    #   smart-open
    #   unstructured
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xformers==0.0.32.post1
    # via vllm
xgboost==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
xgrammar==0.1.25
    # via vllm
xlrd==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
xlsxwriter==3.2.9
    # via python-pptx
xxhash==3.6.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
zeep==4.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
